JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
AUDIE CORNISH: And I'm Audie
Cornish.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Some things are law and, I'm all
in favor
of that, and some things are
common sense.
This is common sense.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A federal appeals
court takes
up President Trump's
controversial immigration
order.
AUDIE CORNISH: Also ahead this
Tuesday: how
the confirmation of Betsy DeVos
as education
secretary might affect students
and teachers
across the country.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in our Race
Matters series:
the challenges facing minorities
with autism,
and one family's mission to tear
down the
obstacles leaving too many
without the help
they need.
LAURA ANTHONY,
Neuropsychologist: If you're
anything other than a 7-year-old
white boy,
even if you're a 7-year-old
white girl, you're
less likely to be identified
with autism.
AUDIE CORNISH: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: We're having
guests join me
here at the "NewsHour" anchor
desk in the
coming weeks.
Tonight, it's Audie Cornish of
NPR's "All
Things Considered."
Welcome.
AUDIE CORNISH: Thanks so much
for having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's great to
have you.
The day's top story: A federal
appeals court
hears arguments over President
Trump's executive
order on refugees and
immigration.
The panel will have to decide
whether to override
a lower court that blocked
enforcement nationwide.
We will examine this in detail
right after
the news summary.
The White House says it is
confident of ultimate
victory in the court fight.
And the president made clear
today he is willing
to go to the mat.
John Yang reports.
JOHN YANG: President Trump has
vowed to fight
for his executive order all the
way to the
Supreme Court, if he has to.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
We're going to take it through
the system.
It's very important.
It's very important to the
country, regardless
of me or whoever succeeds at a
later date.
I mean, we have to have security
in our country.
We have to have the ability when
you take
some place like Syria, you take
all of the
different people pouring all --
and, if you
remember, ISIS said, we are
going to infiltrate
the United States and other
countries through
the migration.
And then we're not allowed to be
tough on
the people coming in?
Explain that one.
JOHN YANG: The order temporarily
stopped citizens
of seven Muslim-majority
countries from entering
the United States, and barred
the admission
of refugees.
Friday, a federal judge in
Seattle blocked
enforcement.
On Twitter, the president
warned: "The threat
from radical Islamic terrorism
is very real.
Just look at what is happening
in Europe and
the Middle East.
Courts must act fast."
On Capitol Hill, Representative
Bennie Thompson,
the top Democrat on the Homeland
Security
Committee, pressed Homeland
Security Secretary
John Kelly on whether any
terrorists have
entered the country.
JOHN KELLY, Homeland Security
Secretary: But
it's entirely possible that
someone that's
coming in, whether it's during
this stay,
during the court action or
previous to this
period, intend to do us harm.
REP.
BENNIE THOMPSON (D),
Mississippi: But you
don't have any proof at this
point.
JOHN KELLY: Not until the boom.
REP.
BENNIE THOMPSON: Not until what?
JOHN KELLY: Not until they act
and blow something
up or go into a mall and kill
people.
So we won't know until then.
JOHN YANG: Kelly said Mr.
Trump's order was
not a Muslim ban.
He said it made an awful lot of
sense, but
acknowledged problems with the
rollout:
JOHN KELLY: In retrospect, I
should have,
this is all on me, by the way, I
should have
delayed it just a bit so that I
could talk
to members of Congress,
particularly the leadership
of the committees like this, to
prepare them
for what was coming.
JOHN YANG: Kelly also told
lawmakers the administration
is not contemplating adding
other countries
for now.
JOHN KELLY: This travel pause is
all about
countries that are not
cooperative, or can't
be cooperative because of the
conditions within
the country, to provide us, to
provide the
president, to provide me now a
confidence
that the people that we're
dealing with are
the people who, you know -- who
they say they
are.
JOHN YANG: Related to all of
this, the president's
assertion that the new media has
ignored some
acts of terrorism.
The White House released a list
of 78 incidents.
It said most of them were
terrorist attacks
that didn't get enough news
coverage.
White House Press Secretary Sean
Spicer:
SEAN SPICER, White House Press
Secretary:
Part of this is to make sure
that the American
people are reminded how
prevalent some of
these attacks are, and how much
time and attention
they have or have not gotten,
but, more importantly,
to make sure that they
understand the unwavering
commitment that the president
has and the
actions that he will take to
keep the country
safe.
JOHN YANG: Spicer said the list
was assembled
after the president's statement.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm John
Yang at the
White House.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The president
also repeated
a claim he's made before, that
the nation's
murder rate is the highest in 47
years.
In fact, FBI figures show it is
the lowest
in decades.
AUDIE CORNISH: In the day's
other news, the
Senate confirmed Betsy DeVos to
be secretary
of education by the slimmest of
margins, 51-50.
Vice President Mike Pence had to
step in to
cast the tie-breaking vote, part
of his duties
as president of the Senate, but
it's the first
time that's happened on a
Cabinet nomination.
We will take a closer look at
DeVos and the
battle over her nomination later
in the program.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The president's
choice to head
the Veterans Affairs department,
David Shulkin,
sailed through committee today,
and headed
to the full Senate.
And, overnight, the labor
secretary nominee,
Andrew Puzder, acknowledged that
he once had
an undocumented immigrant as a
housekeeper.
In a statement, he said -- quote
-- "When
I learned of her status, we
immediately ended
her employment."
AUDIE CORNISH: House Speaker
Paul Ryan now
says Congress will finish the
work of repealing
and replacing Obamacare before
the year is
out, and he delivered a rough
timeline today,
this after President Trump said
over the weekend
that the process might take
until next year.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: So
the question about how long it
takes to effectuate
the change, how long it takes to
put these
things in place, that's a
question that the
HHS can answer.
But far as legislating is
concerned, we're
going to do our legislating this
year.
AUDIE CORNISH: Republicans voted
last month
to dismantle the Affordable Care
Act, but
they have missed their target
date of January
27 to start drafting the
legislation to make
that happen.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers
cleared the way today for
completion of the
controversial Dakota Access oil
pipeline.
The Corps notified Congress that
it is granting
the final easement in North
Dakota.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
says the pipeline's
route threatens its cultural
sites and water
supply, and it promised a new
legal fight.
AUDIE CORNISH: The governor of
Louisiana has
declared a state of emergency
after tornadoes
in and near New Orleans today.
The storms damaged a number of
homes and businesses,
and knocked out power to
thousands.
There were no reports of deaths
and most of
the injuries were minor.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Afghanistan, a
suicide bomber
attacked an entrance to the
country's Supreme
Court, killing at least 19
people.
Officials say the attacker, on
foot, targeted
a side door as court employees
were leaving
the building in downtown Kabul;
41 people
were wounded, including 10
critically.
AUDIE CORNISH: Israel's
Parliament has touched
off a new confrontation over
Jewish settlements
in the West Bank, but it may end
up being
largely symbolic.
Last night, the Knesset voted
retroactively
to legalize thousands of homes
built illegally
on Palestinian land.
It drew praise and condemnation
alike.
TOMER REHOVI, Israeli Settler
(through translator):
Both sides benefit, actually.
The side who owns the land
receives a respectable
amount of money and can build
somewhere else,
and the side who already lives
there won't
have to dismantle his life
achievement.
MAHMOUD ABBAS, Palestinian
Authority President
(through translator): The
Israeli government
passed a bill yesterday in the
Knesset that
legalizes stealing Palestinian
private land
in favor of settlers.
This legislation is contrary to
international
law, and we will continue our
efforts with
international courts in order to
protect our
existence and land.
AUDIE CORNISH: A number of
Israeli legal experts
predicted the nation's Supreme
Court will
strike down the law.
In Washington, the Trump White
House said
it will wait for the courts to
rule before
taking a stance.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Back in this
country, first
lady Melania Trump has reached a
settlement
over a libel lawsuit she filed
against a blogger.
He had claimed falsely that she
worked as
an escort in New York in the
1990s.
Attorneys for both sides say the
settlement
included his apology and a --
quote -- "substantial
sum of money."
AUDIE CORNISH: Wall Street had
another relatively
quiet day.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained nearly
38 points to close at 20090.
The Nasdaq rose 10 points, and
the S&P 500
added half-a-point.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Boston today,
they turned
out by the hundreds of
thousands, as the Super
Bowl champion New England
Patriots paraded
through the streets.
With trophies in hand, players
and fans braved
snow, rain and wind to
celebrate.
New England beat the Atlanta
Falcons Sunday
for its fifth NFL title overall.
AUDIE CORNISH: And another
winner, the word
of the year for 2016 is
"surreal."
The Merriam-Webster dictionary
people define
it as unbelievable or fantastic.
They say online searches for
surreal spiked
after last year's terror
attacks.
The most popular day for that
search term,
though?
The day after the presidential
election.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you know?
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Still to come on
the "NewsHour":
where President Trump's
immigration order
goes from here; fact-checking
the president's
claim that the press doesn't
cover terrorist
attacks; shocking details of a
Syrian prison's
routine torture and executions;
and much more.
attacks; shocking details of a
Syrian prison's
routine torture and executions;
and much more.
AUDIE CORNISH: For the latest on
the ongoing
court battle over President
Trump's executive
order on refugees and
immigration, we are
joined by "NewsHour" regular
Marcia Coyle
of "The National Law Journal."
Hi there, Marcia.
MARCIA COYLE, "The National Law
Journal":
Hi, Audie.
AUDIE CORNISH: So, what
precisely are the
judges hearing the arguments
about tonight?
What is at stake?
MARCIA COYLE: The government is
going to be
arguing, first of all, that
Minnesota and
the state of Washington do not
have the right
to challenge the president's
executive order
on immigration.
The president, they will argue,
has power
under federal law and the
Constitution to
issue this order, and this order
itself doesn't
violate the Constitution, either
because of
religious discrimination or any
other provision
of the Constitution.
The states are going to come
back, and they're
going to say the lower court's
order is not
appealable by the government, we
have a right
to be in court to challenge it,
this order
exceeds the president's power
and violates
federal law and the
Constitution, and it does
violate religious rights under
the Constitution.
AUDIE CORNISH: Now, the states
have said that
they know the president has
broad authority
to be in control of who comes in
and out of
the country.
So what do we know about how the
Supreme Court
feels about this?
What's the case law out there
that tells us
whether or not the president
does have some
limits on his power there?
MARCIA COYLE: Well, the Supreme
Court has
held in a number of cases over
many years
that the president has broad
power under the
Immigration and Nationality Act
and also under
his inherent power to conduct
foreign affairs.
In the area of immigration, he
has these broad
powers.
However, at the same time, the
court has recognized,
because also over the years, we
have developed
a jurisprudence in this country
that recognizes
certain rights under the
Constitution, and
it is the interplay of how those
rights may
intersect with the president's
power that
comes to play in this particular
case, rights
such as to be free of
nationality discrimination,
religious discrimination, and to
have the
equal protection and due process
of law.
AUDIE CORNISH: People have been
talking about
these legal challenges as though
it's inevitable
that they will end up before the
Supreme Court.
Is that the case?
MARCIA COYLE: We will have to
wait and see
what this three-judge panel does
with the
appeal by the government.
Ultimately, it may well get to
the Supreme
Court, but whether it will get
to the court
quickly, I really don't know.
The court may decide that this
has been such
an early action, there's been no
full hearing
and full argument on the merits
of the challenge
to the president's order.
The court may want that to play
out a bit
in the lower court, as well as
in the other
courts that are facing these
challenges right
now.
On the other hand, it may be
convinced that
national security is of such a
great concern
that it ought to jump in.
And also, just remember, this is
still an
eight-justice court, and last
term, when it
was faced with a major
immigration case involving
states' authority to sue to
challenge an executive
action, as well as the scope of
a president's
power in the area of
immigration, it split
4-4, and was unable to resolve
some of those
issues and give guidance to what
would -- I'm
sure the Ninth Circuit would
like the see
tonight in those particular
areas.
So, the court may want to wait
until it has
a ninth justice and doesn't face
the possibility
of a deadlock.
AUDIE CORNISH: In the meantime,
these arguments
are being held tonight.
Just remind us why this case is
different
from all the other legal
challenges that have
propped up that have had
specific plaintiffs.
MARCIA COYLE: Right.
Well, this case in particular,
because the
lower court judge, Judge Robart,
he issued
a nationwide injunction against
the president's
order, and so that affects
everybody.
It affects all of the states.
It affects the people who are
trying to come
into the country as well.
So, the other courts have issued
more limited
orders.
And I think that the attention
now is here.
The government wants this one
resolved because
of the sweeping impact it has
under a nationwide
injunction.
AUDIE CORNISH: And can you give
us a little
preview, if it goes one way or
another, are
there limits about who can
appeal, who cannot
appeal?
MARCIA COYLE: Well, right now,
before the
three-judge panel, it's what we
called a temporary
restraining order.
And, generally, those aren't
appealable.
But the panel can look at it as
being akin
to another type of order that is
appealable.
So, depending on whether this
panel wants
to reach the merits, it may.
It may not.
It may send the case back to
Judge Robart
to have that full hearing that
generally follows
a temporary restraining order.
AUDIE CORNISH: And we will be
hearing more
tonight on what happens with
that case.
MARCIA COYLE: Yes, we will.
AUDIE CORNISH: Marcia Coyle,
thank you so
much for speaking with us.
MARCIA COYLE: My pleasure.
JUDY WOODRUFF: One charge the
president and
his team have raised repeatedly
in recent
days is his claim that the news
media either
ignore or undercovers terrorist
incidents.
On Monday, the president himself
said -- quote
-- "The dishonest press doesn't
want to report
on terrorist attacks."
That was followed by the White
House issuing
a list of attacks that it
contends didn't
get enough press attention.
Philip Bump, who reports for The
Washington
Post, has been looking into the
accuracy of
the president's claims.
And he joins me now from New
York.
So, Philip, just to be clear,
what exactly
did the president himself say?
And distinguish that from what
his press secretary
said.
®MD-BO /PHILIP BUMP, The
Washington Post:
And it's an absolutely critical
distinction.
So, the president, speaking to
the United
States Central Command, said
that the media
wasn't reporting, that, for
whatever reason,
implying that there was some
bias involved,
the media wasn't reporting about
terror attacks.
The White House's press
secretary then came
back and modified that, tried to
soften it
and say, well, what he meant to
say is, these
things have been underreported.
That was the point at which they
issued this
list of 78 attacks that occurred
between 2014
and 2016.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, you went over
this list
of 78 different attacks that
they put down
and handed out.
And what did you find?
PHILIP BUMP: I didn't find any
that hadn't
actually been reported.
And that's the bar that the
president set.
That's important to remember.
He said they had not been
reported.
Each of these 78, I had found
had been reported.
ThinkProgress, a liberal site,
went back.
They found 17,000 news articles
in the first
week after each of these attacks
covering
all these attacks, 17,000
articles covering
these 78 attacks.
So it's certainly the case that
these things
had been reported.
Underreported, of course, is
very subjective,
and that's really where the
administration
right now is putting its
emphasis on making
that point.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, just to
back up a little
bit, there were a number of
terrorist attacks
in here that were clearly
covered.
In fact, some would argue they
were overcovered,
from Orlando to San Bernardino
to the Paris
attacks, Brussels, and so on.
PHILIP BUMP: That's exactly
right.
And I think that that's why it's
very safe
to assume that the motivation
for releasing
this list wasn't necessarily to
make this
point about being underreported.
Yes, to include on this list
something like
the San Bernardino attack or the
Orlando attack,
which got saturation coverage
for days on
end, justifiably, to include
those on a list
of things being underreported
seems to suggest
the point of the list was in
fact the list
itself, in that there were all
these terror
attacks that the administration
at this moment,
with this court battle, going
wants to make
people aware that terrorism
still exists as
a big problem.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, Philip Bump,
you also
did find some that didn't get
that much coverage.
Most of them occurred overseas,
is that right,
outside the United States?
PHILIP BUMP: That's exactly
right.
Yes, so the scale of the attacks
here range
from the attack in Paris, which
was a multipronged
attack, at a soccer stadium and
a music hall
and cafes, to stabbing attacks
on people -- military
officials in Egypt, for example.
There was a huge range of what
is included
in this.
A lot of the attacks, no one was
killed, not
necessarily that that should be
the standard
by which we say a terrorist
attack is good
or bad.
But the fact that all of these
things were
packaged together as one whole,
suggesting
this is, therefore, a threat to
the United
States, which was the clear
implication, I
think is worth noting.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, the bottom
line is that
what the president stated is not
accurate,
that the press has ignored most
terrorist
attacks.
But, to go beyond that, you
point out in the
article this concept of working
the refs.
The White House approach to
talking to the
press about what it's going to
do or not going
to do in covering something
that's coming
up, explore that with us for a
second.
PHILIP BUMP: Sure.
So there's this idea of working
with the refs,
essentially looking as the media
as being
referees.
And it's this concept that
carries over from
sports, obviously.
But the idea is to try and shape
the behavior
of the media by criticizing the
media in a
very deliberate way.
And so what Donald Trump said, I
don't think
that this was planned.
I think he was irritated in the
moment at
the media, made these comments.
I can't obviously say that with
certainty.
But I think what Sean Spicer,
the press secretary
did, was very strategic.
And he said, this is an
opportunity for us
to try and get this list of 78
attacks out
in from of the media, and at the
same time
get the media to focus from here
on out about
the extent to which they cover
terror attacks.
Obviously, in this moment, in
this political
moment, it is beneficial to the
administration
to have this perception that
there are a lot
of terror attacks that are going
underreported
that are happening all the time.
This is a way, I think, that
Spicer realized
of getting the media to be more
attentive
to, should we or should we not
cover this
thing that we might not
otherwise have covered?
JUDY WOODRUFF: And there is also
the question
that's been raised about how
much terrorist
-- how coverage of terrorist
attacks or attempted
attacks raises what we know is
the fear level
in this country, this idea that
the more terrorism,
terrorist attacks are in the
news, no matter
how small or how large they may
be, how many
incidents, the more there is a
sense of fear
that begins to permeate the
public.
PHILIP BUMP: That's exactly
right.
And it's important to remember
that the entire
point of a terror attack is to
terrorize.
And the only way you can
terrorize is if the
news media, if people in general
hype the
idea that there is a lot of
terrorism going
on and that there is a reason to
be afraid.
So there is clearly a balance
that any elected
official has to hold to between
whether or
not you emphasize terror or
whether or not
you downplay terrorism.
Today, during the daily press
briefing, Sean
Spicer tried to sort of play it
both ways.
He suggested that it was
important that we
talk about all these things, but
that the
result of that would be that
people would
feel safer under President
Trump.
I'm not sure he can have that
cake and eat
it too.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, it
certainly was important
to go down and look at this list
that the
White House put out of 78
incidents.
And your reporting was
important.
Philip Bump, we thank you.
PHILIP BUMP: Thanks.
Sure.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": how
the newly
confirmed secretary of education
could reshape
that department; on our Race
Matters series,
the unique challenges facing
black children
with autism; and a new take on
Timothy McVeigh's
motivation for the Oklahoma City
bombing.
But first: Amnesty International
has just
issued a report documenting what
it says is
clear evidence that the Assad
regime in Syria
has been illegally imprisoning,
torturing
and murdering political
opponents.
William Brangham has more.
And a warning: Some of the
details here are
disturbing.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Amnesty's
report says that
somewhere between 5,000 and
13,000 people
were tortured and executed at
one military
prison outside Damascus between
2011 and 2015.
Amnesty alleges that officials
at the highest
level of the Syrian government
approved the
killings, as did the grand mufti
of Syria,
the highest ranking religious
figure in the
country.
I'm joined now by Sunjeev Bery.
He's Amnesty's director of
advocacy for the
Middle East and North Africa.
SUNJEEV BERY, Amnesty
International: Thank
you for having me.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Very, very
troubling reading
in this report and the stories
of the people
who were tortured and executed
at this prison.
Can you tell me, who were these
people?
SUNJEEV BERY: There were
thousands of civilians,
as well as some ex-military
officers, who
are held at Saydnaya prison in
Saydnaya, Syria.
We estimate that between 10,000
and 20,000
people are held there now.
And for years, on a weekly
basis, as many
as 50 people have been hanged in
mass executions
by the Syrian government at this
prison.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And are these
people who
are picked up -- what are the
crimes that
they're accused of?
SUNJEEV BERY: Many of them are
perceived to
be opposition to the government,
although
when you're doing this kind of
mass arrest,
mass torture and miss execution,
who knows
what the individual people's
backgrounds are?
And, of course, peaceful,
nonviolent opposition
to a government is certainly not
a crime.
But with that background, many
of them are
subjected to forced confessions
through extraordinarily
brutal torture, and once that
confession is
put via ink to paper, then the
execution process
begins.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I understand a
lot of the
documentation for this report
came from people
who witnessed what's going on in
there.
I understand that there is some
kind of a
trial process, so-called trial.
Can you explain a little bit
about what goes
on?
SUNJEEV BERY: Sure.
And just to put it in
perspective, the so-called
trial is a total of one to three
minutes.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: One to three
minutes' long?
SUNJEEV BERY: One to three
minutes per person,
who is then later executed.
So you have thousands of people
in these prisons
subjected to extraordinary
brutal torture
in complete silence, living
under rules of
complete silence, routine
deaths.
A certain percentage of the
population in
this prison are then taken to
trials via a
military field court, a
so-called court, in
a suburb of Damascus, where,
during a one-to-three-minute
trial, with, of course, no
lawyer present,
no due process at all, in 60 to
180 seconds,
they are sentenced to death.
That death sentence is then
rubber-stamped
by higher authorities up to the
highest levels
of government, and then later
they are tortured
and hung to death.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The thing that
was so striking
to me, among many, in this
report was the
bureaucracy, the documentation
of it, the
fingerprinting, the getting
witnesses to sign
that they had never been
mistreated, getting
doctors to certify that all
these deaths occurred
because of natural causes.
Why do you think that the regime
goes to these
lengths to basically catalogue
their own war
crimes?
SUNJEEV BERY: It is difficult to
know why
the regime is so
bureaucratically efficient
in its documentation of its
crimes against
humanity.
One possibility may be that the
senior levels
of the government, perhaps even
including
President Bashar al-Assad, want
to know that
the crimes against humanity that
they are
likely to be ordering are, in
fact, being
carried out by the military and
the intelligence
bureaucracy.
And so with each of these
executions, the
executions are signed, either by
the grand
mufti, the highest appointed
supposedly Muslim
authority in Syria, although, if
you're signing
off on all these mass
executions, it's highly
questionable what your personal
morality is,
or the army chief of staff, or
one other senior
level defense official, the
minister of defense.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: What do you
hope the international
community does with this
evidence?
SUNJEEV BERY: Well, the first
thing to do
is stare the evidence in the
face and acknowledge
what's happening.
It's time for Russia and China
to drop their
veto at the U.N. Security
Council and allow
the United Nations to take
action on this.
It's time for the U.S.
government under President
Trump to stop pretending that
anything other
than gross crimes against
humanity are happening.
And it's also time to
acknowledge what Syrian
refugees are fleeing.
You have perhaps 5,000 to 13,000
people killed
at this prison, another 17,000
at other prisons across Syria,
and all of
that against a backdrop of some
400,000 people
who have died since the Syrian
war began.
People are fleeing for their
lives.
And it is shameful that our own
U.S. government
here has said no to Syrian
refugees at a time
of such extraordinary suffering.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: This report
comes out amidst
-- it's just the latest piece of
evidence
on a mountain of evidence that
already exists
about Assad's regime.
But, as you well know, Assad
still sits happily
on his perch in Syria.
Do you think that this is going
to move the
needle in any way?
SUNJEEV BERY: The needle
definitely has to
move.
And one key factor is going to
be putting
pressure on the U.N. Security
Council to take
action.
That means putting pressure on
the Russian
government, putting pressure on
the Chinese
government, and ensuring that
the U.S. government,
under the new U.S. ambassador to
the United
Nations, Nikki Haley, actually
stands up on
this issue and pushes on it, as
opposed to
referring to President Bashar
al-Assad as
some kind of ally in the
so-called war against
terrorism.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Sunjeev Bery
of Amnesty International, thank
you very much.
SUNJEEV BERY: Thank you.
AUDIE CORNISH: Now let's turn
back to the
contentious confirmation of
Betsy DeVos as
the next secretary of education.
The vote was razor-thin.
And, tonight, we look at how it
went down,
what DeVos can do as education
secretary,
and the limits of her power.
It's the focus of our weekly
education segment,
Making the Grade.
Lisa Desjardins gets us started.
MIKE PENCE, Vice President of
the United States:
On this vote, the yeas are 50,
the nays are
50.
The Senate being equally
divided, the vice
president votes in the
affirmative.
hand the nomination is
confirmed.
LISA DESJARDINS: It marked the
first time
a vice president presiding over
the Senate
has broken a tie to confirm a
Cabinet secretary,
a dramatic ending to the
nomination of Betsy
DeVos for secretary of
education.
And it came after 24 straight
hours of debate,
when Democrats held a rare
overnight speech-a-thon
to oppose DeVos.
But the primary doubt came from
two Republicans,
Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa
Murkowski
of Alaska.
Both said DeVos' confirmation
hearing led
them to vote no.
Democrats like Ohio's Sherrod
Brown tried
to persuade other Republicans.
SEN.
SHERROD BROWN (D), Ohio: As many
have said
on this floor, based on her
confirmation hearing,
it appears she has a complete
lack of knowledge
as to what the Department of
Education actually
does.
LISA DESJARDINS: But a number of
Republicans,
like Tennessee's Lamar
Alexander, defended
DeVos.
SEN.
LAMAR ALEXANDER (R), Tennessee:
She has led
the most effective public school
reform movement
over the last 30 years.
And I urge you to give the new
Republican
president the opportunity to
choose his own
education secretary.
LISA DESJARDINS: DeVos is known
as a school
choice activist, who supports
for-profit charter
schools, and wants public funds
to be used
as vouchers for private schools.
She's also a billionaire, who,
along with
her family, has donated heavily
to Republicans.
In the end, she survived the
toughest fight
for any Trump nominee yet, and
Vice President
Pence swore her in late today.
AUDIE CORNISH: And Lisa joins me
now.
And, Lisa, outs of all of these
nominees,
this one ended up giving the
Trump administration
the most trouble.
What happened?
LISA DESJARDINS: Well, I think
that there
was an overwhelming response
from America.
Part of that, we know, was
individual voters
following Betsy DeVos' hearings
who called
their senators.
But let's not kid ourselves.
There was also a huge
organizational push,
largely by teachers unions.
I talked to the National
Education Association.
They said they directed 1.1
million e-mails
toward senators.
And then also the American
Federation of Teachers,
2,000 actions from them.
These were unions making a huge
push.
They came close, Audie, but, in
the end, this
is also a tale of unions.
They still have influence.
They can still mobilize.
But they don't have decisive
influence anymore.
They lost.
AUDIE CORNISH: Right, close, but
no cigar.
LISA DESJARDINS: Yes.
AUDIE CORNISH: The thing is,
that is the outside
opposition.
What about Democrats on the
inside?
What were they able to do?
Because I know they were able to
try to peel
off a Republican in the last
minute.
LISA DESJARDINS: I think
Democrats thought
this outside push was going to
do it and win
over another Republican.
But you talk to the Republicans
who voted
no, like Susan Collins today,
and she said
what did it for her what Betsy
DeVos herself,
that the hearing just changed
Susan Collins'
mind.
And, in addition, the voices she
was listening
to were those of teachers in her
state.
She said the superintendent of
the Bangor
School District, also
superintendent from
an island school district, those
voices said
to her, we don't like Betsy
DeVos, we don't
trust her to run our education
system.
And that's who Susan Collins
listened to.
AUDIE CORNISH: What does this
mean going forward
for her relationship, say, with
Capitol Hill,
right?
Is this...
(CROSSTALK)
LISA DESJARDINS: Right.
They do have an oversight role,
of course,
over everything in the agencies.
But, for the most part, I think,
Audie, this
is over.
Republicans, including Susan
Collins, say
they want to move on.
They're hoping the education
secretary, now
that she's confirmed, does well.
But I think watch Democrats,
because this
is just another very difficult
political decision
for them.
Do they keep opposing everything
the way their
base is pressuring them, or, as
Dick Durbin
said to me, do they try and take
a deep breath
and see what's actually
winnable, what could
actually change something/
Our producer Pam Kirkland talked
to Dianne
Feinstein.
She just kind of shook her head
and said,
"It is what it is."
AUDIE CORNISH: Lisa, thanks so
much.
LISA DESJARDINS: My pleasure.
AUDIE CORNISH: With the
confirmation battle
behind her, what can Betsy DeVos
do now?
What exactly is in her power to
change at
the Education Department.
Emma Brown of The Washington
Post has written
about this.
Welcome.
And, Emma, I want to start by
asking you about
what the education secretary can
actually
do on her own, right?
We have seen an administration
that's willing
to use executive power in trying
to deal with
regulations.
What does that mean for an
education secretary?
EMMA BROWN, The Washington Post:
There are
certain things that the
education secretary
absolutely can do on her own
now.
One of the really important
areas is civil
rights.
And civil rights advocates are
really worried
actually about what Betsy DeVos
and the Trump
administration will do in this
realm.
They could really easily with
the stroke of
a pen rescind or revise the
Obama administration's
controversial guidance on
transgender students'
accommodations in public
schools.
Similarly, they can reverse the
guidance that
has really pushed schools and
colleges to
handle complaints of sexual
violence differently.
So, there is a whole realm of
civil rights
enforcement and investigation
that is really
under Betsy DeVos' management
now.
AUDIE CORNISH: With both the
Obama administration
and the Bush administration,
there were times
when their Education Departments
and secretaries
were accused of overreach.
Right?
They faced massive backlash over
federal initiatives.
What has that shown us about the
limits of
power for the education
secretary?
EMMA BROWN: Yes, the Obama
administration
took the power of the Education
Department
to its limits.
And what we saw was a backlash
from Congress.
Congress didn't appreciate that,
and, in the
end, you know, passed with
overwhelming majorities
a new federal education law, the
Every Student
Succeeds Act, that really reined
in the education
secretary's authority and
shifted quite a
bit of authority from the
federal government
in general back to states and
local districts.
And so there is a real
sensitivity right now
in Washington to the federal
role in education,
and Republicans really want to
see that federal
role shrunken.
AUDIE CORNISH: That being said,
we know that
candidate Donald Trump advocated
for block
grants to states to support
school choice
programs.
So, now that he will have an
education secretary
who also believes in vouchers
and school choice,
what is the appetite on Capitol
Hill for something
like that, right?
They hold the purse strings.
They would have to approve the
legislation
to make it happen.
EMMA BROWN: Absolutely.
And this is where she, Betsy
DeVos, is going
to need cooperation from
Congress, you know,
either in the budget language or
in legislation.
So, Trump's proposal was a $20
billion proposal,
which is really huge.
We spend $15 billion right now
on Title I
funds, which is all the money
that goes from
the federal government to
support schools
that serve lots of kids who are
low-income.
So, $20 billion is huge.
I think that a lot of folks in
the education
community saw that as a really
heavy lift,
even before all this pushback
against DeVos.
But there are other ways she can
promote school
choice.
They can do it through tax code
overhaul.
They can look for examples like
the D.C. voucher
program.
We have the only federally
funded voucher
program here in D.C. -- to
expand that.
And so there will be, I think,
at least the
beginnings of efforts to expand
school choice,
maybe on a smaller scale first,
before going
to those bigger pushes.
AUDIE CORNISH: Given the fight
over her nomination,
what do you see as the political
kind of hurdles
going forward?
EMMA BROWN: Well, I think that
the folks who
have opposed her, including the
teachers unions,
but also civil rights advocates
and the folks
who just weren't connected to
either of those
groups, but just came out
against her because
they said they believed in
public schools,
I think the goal of the
opponents of Betsy
DeVos is going to have to
continue mobilizing
those forces to watch everything
she does
and to continue applying
pressure on Congress
to serve as a watchdog.
So, I think, you know, she's
going to have
to prove that she is an advocate
for sort
of this whole constituency that
came out against
her in the last few weeks.
AUDIE CORNISH: Emma Brown of The
Washington
Post, thank you.
EMMA BROWN: Thanks.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now, the story of
an African-American
family that knows autism
firsthand and the
particular challenges facing
communities of
color.
Autism rates among
African-Americans are the
same as rates among whites, but
African-American
children are often diagnosed
with autism at
an older age, missing potential
years of treatment.
Special correspondent John
Donvan and producer
Caren Zucker have our report.
JOHN DONVAN: Here's how handsome
this man
named Jason Harlan is, this
29-year-old, who
lives just outside Chicago.
And it's his mother's thought --
her name
is Debra Vines -- that with
looks like these:
DEBRA VINES, Founder, The
Answer, Inc.: Jason's
going to be the first autism
model on the
cover of "GQ" magazine.
(LAUGHTER)
JOHN DONVAN: That's the dream?
DEBRA VINES: It is.
JOHN DONVAN: Now, the obstacles
to that ever
happening may seem huge, because
Jason does
indeed have autism of a kind
that means he
has quite limited language, so
that only a
very few people like his dad,
James, have
the insight it takes for real
two-way communication
with him.
Jason also has a limited
repertoire of skills,
like tidying up, which he excels
at and loves.
But, in most ways, for meeting
his own basic
needs, he has to count on
constant help from
others.
And then there is this other
factor complicating
Jason's journey through life.
He is black.
And when you are black and
autistic, you face
a set of disparities that
significantly raise
the challenges.
They begin with the fact that,
when it comes
to autism, diagnosis skews
white.
Neuropsychologist Laura Anthony
puts it bluntly:
LAURA ANTHONY,
Neuropsychologist: If you're
anything other than a 7-year-old
white boy,
even if you're a 7-year-old
white girl, you're
less likely to be identified
with autism.
JOHN DONVAN: It's in the CDC's
own statistics,
where the reported autism rate
among black
8-year-olds, 13.2 kids per every
thousand,
lags the percent of white
8-year-olds by nearly
20 percent.
Among Latino children, the gap
is even larger,
at 50 percent.
Anthony is a clinician and
researcher who
works with a lot of kids who
have autism,
like 9-year-old Jaja (ph).
She says the undercounting of
children of
color denies them appropriate
care.
It happens in part because
autism diagnosis
is a judgment call on a child's
behaviors,
and inadvertently:
LAURA ANTHONY: We have a bias,
even though
we don't want to, that that's
what autism
looks like.
JOHN DONVAN: Jason, in fact,
escaped that
particular bias.
He was diagnosed with autism at
18 months,
which is actually early.
Rather, it is another sort of
discrepancy
that has challenged him, which
his mom illustrated
by taking us all out on a stroll
to where
the Des Plaines River, north of
Chicago, flows
between two communities,
Maywood, where she
lives to the north, and which is
mostly black,
and to the south, the mostly
white community
of River Forest.
DEBRA VINES: Once you're in
River Forest,
the services for the special
needs is like
the Holy Grail.
The services just open up for
special rec,
for education, for advocacy, for
ABA.
JOHN DONVAN: So, compared to
that way, where
you live?
DEBRA VINES: There's no special
rec this way.
Oh.
It's a dirty job, but somebody's
got to do
it.
JOHN DONVAN: Now, Debra is not a
complainer.
She's an agitator.
There's a difference.
The first afternoon we spent
with her, she
was setting the table for a gala
dinner and
auction in support of her own
startup, whose
name is:
DEBRA VINES: The Answer, Inc.
JOHN DONVAN: The Answer?
DEBRA VINES: The Answer, because
so many families
are always asking questions, so
we want to
be able to provide the answers.
JOHN DONVAN: Because she knew,
firsthand,
since Jason was little back in
the 1980s,
just how far behind her
community was in being
able to help people like her
boy.
That's when she had to travel
half-an-hour
by train to get to a support
group, only to
find that:
DEBRA VINES: I was the only
African-American
there.
And this was, I would say,
middle- to upper-class
families, so they would drive a
Mercedes.
They would, you know, had on
nice jewelry.
They had their children with
specialized services,
just an array of things.
And I just felt really isolated.
JOHN DONVAN: Did you get a cold
shoulder?
DEBRA VINES: Absolutely not.
They were very welcoming.
I guess a lot of it might have
been me, the
fact that I had to go outside my
community,
and then find out that you're
doing it all
wrong, Debra.
You're doing it all wrong.
And it's because of where you
live.
JOHN DONVAN: Meanwhile, she also
learned that
her own African-American
community wasn't
entirely accepting of Jason's
differences.
DEBRA VINES: One particular
church that we
were going to, the pastor came
and told me
that a couple of people had come
to him and
said that they were
uncomfortable with Jason
standing up during the sermon,
and being disruptive,
he was being disruptive, and
things like that.
JOHN DONVAN: And James told me
that isolation
comes also from shame, which he
admitted to
feeling, when he started to feel
embarrassed
that his kid wasn't like his
friends' kids.
JAMES HARLAN, Father of Jason:
These milestones,
they're talking this, that, and
the other.
And I said, well, Jason learned
how to tie
his shoes.
And then you get these looks.
He's 7 years old and he just now
learned to
tie his shoes?
JOHN DONVAN: What did you feel?
JAMES HARLAN: I literally got a
warm feeling
came all over me from being
embarrassed.
And what that made me do is kind
of withdraw
myself, you know, being honest,
let me draw
back.
I wouldn't say anything about by
son.
Eventually, I quit going to the
sports bar.
JOHN DONVAN: The isolation hit
other families
in the community with autistic
kids.
And there were many.
These are their faces.
But they were cut off from each
other, instead
of organizing to demand more
support for their
loved ones, as families in white
communities
had been doing for decades.
But this local state senator,
Kimberly Lightford,
says shame and stigma are only
part of it.
KIMBERLY LIGHTFORD, Illinois
State Senator:
I think the connection is just
being underprivileged,
underutilized, communities of
color not receiving
proper resources, lack of job
opportunities
that provide insurance.
So, you have families, they just
do enough
to get by, but all of those
essentials, I
can't go to the doctor because
I'm on public
assistance, or I can't go to get
this additional
help, just because I feel like I
can't do
it.
JOHN DONVAN: But here's what's
changed around
Maywood.
Remember that gala that Debra
was setting
up?
Well, now it's the night itself,
where she
showed up, dolled up like it was
the 1920s.
So did everybody else.
Harlem Nights was the theme.
DEBRA VINES: Actually, Jason is
the reason
why The Answer, Incorporated was
started,
because of Jason, because if I
didn't have
a child with autism, I would
definitely support
the cause, but I don't think I
would be doing
what I'm doing.
JOHN DONVAN: And these many
families, once
cut off from each other, here,
they were a
big family together, out in
public, proud
of who they are, touched by
autism, unburdened
by shame, and grateful that
Debra started
The Answer.
MAN: It's helped to educate the
community,
police departments, other kids.
WOMAN: I feel like I'm not in it
by myself
with The Answer.
WOMAN: Thank God somebody, you
know, especially
a person of color.
JOHN DONVAN: There's also a
program called
Just For Men, which James runs.
Having long since stopped being
embarrassed
by Jason, today, he feels
grateful to have
this man as his son.
JAMES HARLAN: And I tell the men
at the meeting,
I have learned how to love since
I have had
Jason.
JOHN DONVAN: More than ever
before?
JAMES HARLAN: Yes.
Oh, yes.
JOHN DONVAN: How so?
Why?
JAMES HARLAN: Because he loves
unconditional.
There's no conditions tied to
his love.
JOHN DONVAN: The Answer has
served 4,000 families
in its nine years, but, still,
it's a work
in progress.
One challenge met, however,
concerns church.
This is Jordan Temple Baptist,
whose pastor
Stephen Richardson, says
autistic kids, autistic
adults are all welcome.
REV.
STEPHEN RICHARDSON, Jordan
Temple Baptist:
The fact of the matter is, it's
not our church.
It's God's church.
JOHN DONVAN: Which means it's
for Jason and
his family too.
And now Sunday's are Jason's
favorite day
of the week, when, walking into
Jordan Temple's
foyer, he's greeted like this,
where his face
is all you need to see to know
how he loves,
and where, inside, he gets to
act like this,
up and swaying, when everyone
else is praying
in their seats, the very
behavior that made
him unwelcomed before.
But, here, it just doesn't
matter, proving
that acceptance doesn't take a
miracle, not,
perhaps, like getting his face
on the cover
of "GQ," but who knows?
For the "NewsHour," I'm John
Donvan in Maywood,
Illinois.
AUDIE CORNISH: Finally tonight:
1995 was the
year of the largest act of
domestic terrorism
in U.S. history, the Oklahoma
City bombing.
A new documentary premieres
tonight on the
PBS series "American Experience"
and takes
a fresh look at that traumatic
event and what
led to it.
Jeffrey Brown has the story.
MAN: There's heavy damage done.
JEFFREY BROWN: April 19, 1995.
MAN: About a third of the
building has been
blown away.
JEFFREY BROWN: A Ryder rental
truck with 5,000
pounds of explosives ripped
through the Alfred
P. Murrah Federal Building in
Oklahoma City;
168 people were killed, 19
children among
them.
WOMAN: Who has come in here and
done this
terrible thing?
BARAK GOODMAN, Director,
"Oklahoma City: I
knew very little of the story.
I mean, I remember -- like a lot
of people
remember that day, and the image
of that building,
you know, with its face blown
off, an image
that we weren't used to or
accustomed to at
the time.
JEFFREY BROWN: Barak Goodman is
the director
of the film "Oklahoma City."
BARAK GOODMAN: While I think a
lot of people
remember this as a simple story
of a lone
terrorist committing an act, it
actually has
very deep roots.
And when we pulled on those
roots, a whole
'nother story sort of appeared.
JEFFREY BROWN: The film delves
into the rise
of white nationalist militias in
the 1980s,
and two later events that
galvanized the country
and deeply influenced Oklahoma
City bomber
Timothy McVeigh: the siege of
Ruby Ridge in
1992, when the FBI and U.S.
Marshals confronted
Randy Weaver at his home in
rural Idaho, resulting
in the deaths of Weaver's wife,
son and a
U.S. Marshal.
And the following year, Waco,
Texas, when
federal agents, responding to
reports of weapons
stockpiling, attempted to arrest
the leader
of a religious sect known as the
Branch Davidians.
A firefight broke out, killing
10, including
four ATF agents.
And after a 51-day standoff, the
complex went
up in flames as agents moved in
with tear
gas.
More than 70 people died.
During the long standoff, then
24-year-old
Army veteran Timothy McVeigh had
been watching
nearby.
WOMAN: Timothy McVeigh had
already apparently
been very concerned about what
had happened
at Ruby Ridge.
So he came down to Waco and sold
bumper stickers
with pro-gun, anti-government
slogans.
He saw the raid as clear
evidence of what
the government would do to try
to confiscate
guns and persecute gun owners.
JEFFREY BROWN: Timothy McVeigh
himself wasn't
a member of a militia, but
you're convinced
that that context is the way to
understand
him?
BARAK GOODMAN: Without question.
McVeigh himself writes -- he
talks in interviews
that we got access to and
tape-recorded interviews
about the anger he felt, the
rage he felt
at Ruby Ridge in particular, and
Waco, and
the radicalization that happened
in part because
of those events, and, in
addition to that,
a series of other exposures to
this movement.
"The Turner Diaries" was his
bible.
"The Turner Diaries" is a
horrible novel,
racist novel that became a --
it's almost
a talisman to this movement, a
very important
motivating force.
And I think it actually
describes the bombing
of an FBI building in
Washington.
JEFFREY BROWN: It's even a
model.
BARAK GOODMAN: It describes the
kind of bomb.
It's very similar to the one
McVeigh used.
So, he was steeped in the ideas
of this movement.
He was steeped in the ideology.
It's a very diffuse movement.
And being a member of a militia
is really
sort of irrelevant.
JERRY FLOWERS, Police Inspector:
We could
hear people screaming.
We could hear them screaming.
We could hear them crying.
You just couldn't see them
because it was
so dark.
JEFFREY BROWN: The documentary
breaks often
from that history to return to
the bombing
itself, talking with
eyewitnesses who still
hold painful memories.
MAN: They had no idea.
JEFFREY BROWN: It shows how much
confusion
there was initially about who
had carried
it out, and the surprise when
McVeigh was
arrested.
MAN: I think everybody felt this
sudden sense
of betrayal.
I think everyone thought, you're
one of us.
BARAK GOODMAN: People forget
that, in the
days and hours after the
bombing, everyone
assumed it had been Middle
Eastern terrorism.
This was bandied about on
national television
and CNN and CBS and all the
networks.
They were all focused on Middle
Eastern terrorism.
And their sources were telling
them that it
was likely a Middle Eastern
terrorist.
JEFFREY BROWN: The film also
shows the role
conspiracy theories about Waco
and Ruby Ridge
played in roiling this
right-wing movement.
Some will no doubt see parallels
to today.
Goodman takes a longer view.
BARAK GOODMAN: I would say that
this is a
movement that waxes and wanes
throughout American
history and sort of appears in
different forms,
whether it's going back to
Shays' Rebellion
at the beginning of the history
of our country,
up through the Red Scare, the
Klan years.
There's a lot of different
manifestations.
But what unites all of it are
two things,
really.
One is a deep enmity towards the
federal government,
a feeling that the federal
government is the
seed of all evil and it's a tool
in the hands
of enemies, like the Jews, like
blacks, like
the U.N. now.
The other thing that really
characterizes
it is sort of conspiratorial
thinking, that
-- a way of connecting dots that
places movement
in a kind of context of a war.
KERRY NOBLE, Former Militia
Member: And in
this war, it's an all or
nothing.
We are either going to win as
the white race,
or we're going to lose.
JEFFREY BROWN: Despite the
theories of a larger
conspiracy at work, the film
shows how McVeigh,
with some help from two friends,
was able
to pull off the bombing.
Did you come to any conclusions
about how
this act of domestic terrorism
changed the
country or changed our sense of
our own security,
ourselves?
BARAK GOODMAN: I think it had a
tremendously
transformative effect.
I think, first of all, for law
enforcement,
there was never again a naivete
about the
threat from domestic terrorism.
I think, if you went to the FBI
today and
you really talked to people,
unlike perhaps
some politicians, they are very
focused on
the threat from domestic
terrorism.
They understand it and they're
paying attention
to it.
And I think, just for the
ordinary citizen,
although this movement is so --
kind of oscillates.
It sort of can, and it did after
Oklahoma
City, retreat and recede, that
we sometimes
forget about it.
It's still there.
It never goes away.
And then it will come back.
And I think, in recent years,
you have seen
more and more of an uptick.
Dylann Roof in Charleston and
any number of
other such actions are no longer
quite as
shocking.
We understand that this is part
now of a motif
in American life.
And I think that the recent
incarnation of
that started with Oklahoma City
and Timothy
McVeigh.
JEFFREY BROWN: From Washington,
I'm Jeffrey
Brown for the "PBS NewsHour."
AUDIE CORNISH: "Oklahoma City"
airs tonight
on most PBS stations.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online right
now: President Trump's flurry of
executive
orders and actions have
generated a lot of
attention and some confusion.
Do you know the difference
between an executive
order and a presidential
memorandum, or which
president signed the most
executive orders?
Take our quiz to test your
knowledge.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
AUDIE CORNISH: Online,
"NewsHour"'s Student
Reporting Labs is out with a new
collection
of stories.
The series is called New
Americans: Migration,
Identity and Community Through
the Eyes of
Teenagers.
STUDENT: Now that I'm here in
the United States,
I feel like I'm a different
person.
I'm not the same kid that was
running down
the streets in Cuba.
STUDENT: My uncle actually
brought us over
here when I was only 5 years
old, and now
we have this shop, which has
always been like
a goal of our family, to have
our own shop.
STUDENT: The Dominican Republic
has a different
lifestyle.
I like the rhythm, the beat, and
I wanted
to grab that and do it in
America.
MAN: Instead of me telling the
students, hey,
go back home, and, being, like,
no, here are
the options that we have, and go
and follow
your dreams, because that's what
it's all
about.
STUDENT: We chose to come to
America because
it's a free country, and there
is no other
country like America.
AUDIE CORNISH: Check out those
stories at
studentreportinglabs.com.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Audie Cornish.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Glad to have you.
And I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening, when I sit down with
Speaker of the
House Paul Ryan to talk about
his agenda and
the first weeks of the Trump
administration.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.